Ci md linting (#718)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: docs/continuous-integration/markdown-linting/README.md

# CI Pipeline for better documentation

## Introduction

Most projects start with spikes, where developers and analysts produce lots of documentation.

> Sometimes, these documents don't have a standard and each one write them accordingly with their preference. Add to that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, these documents don't have a standard and each team member writes them accordingly with their preference. Add to that
```

> But sometimes, these documents don't have a standard and each one write them accordingly with their preference. Add to that

Reviewer 2: Consider replacing 'each one write' with 'each developer writes'

the time a reviewer will spend confirming grammar, searching for typos or non-inclusive language.

This pipeline addresses that!

## The Pipeline

The pipeline uses the following `npm` modules:

- [markdownlint](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint): add standardization using [rules](https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint#rules--aliases)
- [markdown-link-check](https://github.com/tcort/markdown-link-check): check the links in the documentation and report broken
ones
- [write-good](https://github.com/btford/write-good): linter for English prose

> We have been use this pipeline for more than one year in different engagements and always received great feedback from the

Reviewer 2: Consider 'we have been using' instead of 'we have been use'
